Johnny Giuliano
yep
I got way too much on my mind I go way
up when I feel low to lost of my own
thoughts trap myself in this time zone
so will is my code for you one knows
that don't know I come through snap hits
these fracture rappers won't break the
phone six one eight is my birthplace
it's earthquakes when my first made then
come quick when I drop shit Vytas flip
for my big flame messed up like cocaine
gassed up on new strains reminisce on my
old days light and brick with that
butane young and bless fuck the rest I'm
not impressed with your new shit then a
vest I dressed the best don't
second-guess what I do bitch it's no
luck I'm more skill split a fifth with
my do will converse eight about if I
made it got hella famous and I made a
bill five independent should I sign a
deal cancel plans I got peace to kill
what his famous could I make a real long
as I'm with my people still bigger cribs
with bigger bills they'll stress as much
when I pay them pills and I ain't around
my damn rumor spill I got plenty breath
but I want a million evening I look up I
look up and see freedom
I think the Petri who wit me cuz a lot
of people don't see them putting on for
my city I swear this year's our seasons
always rolling up sticky finna light up
for no reason good evening I look up I
look up and see freedom I think the
people who Whitney cuz a lot of people
don't see them but enough for my city I
swear this year's our seasons always
rolling up sticky finna light up for no
reason hey bitch don't kill my vibe
that's that shit that i don't like i'm
about to blow my eyes and plunge just to
get by i got some troubles up in my life
push them all to the side get my phone
now speak my mind emotions spill when I
hit this mic y'all live to die I live to
write don't know how I'll be killing
these mines finna get big won't waste my
time I shoot him in the head with a
verse goodbye no life turns up but I
giving up y'all a DD while I'm focusing
they telling me that I
rap is that why they all notice me so
complete when I ride the beats my mind
is free when I'm smoking weed let him
see that I'm at the peak in his rap shit
man I'm such a beast so I need to cheat
but I play for keeps run this shit with
a pair cleats and apparently you don't
compare to me prepare to be what you
can't be these other rappers can't stand
ease I do this shit for my family I do
this shit for my whole team since a ch3
pin the same dream rap name is just now
y'all to face and take stage need no
help take no breaks I'm self-made and
I'm past pay good evening I look up I
look up and see freedom I thank the
people who Whitney cuz a lot of people
don't see them putting off of my city I
swear this year's our seasons always
rolling up sticky finna light up for no
reason
good evening I look up I look up and see
freedom I think the people who Whitney
cuz a lot of people don't see them but
enough for my city I swear this years
our seasons always rolling up sticky
finna light up and no reason hey but
really focused I know that you know this
I'm sure that you noticed I'm way up
there's people that hate me been hearing
that lately it doesn't amaze me they say
stuff my cakes up so they mad now I stay
upright raps down I wake up roll up loud
go straight up and won't back down
tell the hoes on my back now they get
dismissed like class out they really
want me in why the fuck do they want me
now oh yeah oh yeah all right now
stay committed when I graduated now all
of them dropping they ass down like a
finna blow up and get hella famous if I
make it it's fuckin payment it's fuck
the people who dis the movement don't
get the music I'm bringing to them so
will and I'm sticking to it I'm so mean
I'm optimistic my future bright with a
ton of bitches way up like a game of
Quidditch I'm too sharp at y'all won't
admit it red carts and then don't admit
it I'm so persistent need no assistance
first place and I start to finish don't
fuck if you pay attention on point like
push joints they talk a lot when I'm not
around it's my life it's my choice it's
fuck the hey nice stopping now good
evening I look up I look up and see
freedom I think the people who Whitney
cuz a lot of people don't see them
putting off in my city I swear this
year's our seasons always rolling up
sticky finna light up for no reason
good evening I look up I look up and see
freedom I thank the people who Whitney
cuz a lot of people don't see them
putting off in my city I swear this
year's our seasons always rolling up
sticky finna light up for no reason hey